README.md, before:

LaTeX: Michigan Tech Beamer Template
================

What is this?
-------------------

A LaTeX template for preparing slides for presentation in Michigan 
Technological University. 


Disclaimer
-------------------

This and other associated files are distributed in the hope that they will 
be useful, but without any warranty; without even the implied warranty of 
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.

Using this unofficial template is not a substitute for learning LaTeX and/or 
understanding its how it works. 


Features (to be updated)
-------------------


What all does one need to get started?
-------------------

  1. As complete an installation of LaTeX as possible.

     1. [TeXLive](http://www.tug.org/texlive/) for Linux and Mac, and
        [MiKTeX](http://miktex.org/) for Windows. 

     2. [TeXMaker](http://www.xm1math.net/texmaker/) -- a LaTeX-aware text 
        editor -- for Linux, Mac and Windows.

  2. This template in its entirety.

  3. Basic understanding of how LaTeX works.


Which files should one edit?
-------------------

  1. Rename (not just copy over) ```john_slides.tex``` by substituting ```john``` with your Michigan Tech ISO username.

  2. Open the renamed ```john_slides.tex``` and relevant content.

  3. Place all figures (.jpg, .png, .pdf) in ```Figures``` folder.


How does one compile? (to be updated)
-------------------

**Linux (or Mac) from a terminal using the command line, using ```Makefile```:**

```
cd LaTeX_BeamerTemplate
make
```

**Linux (or Mac) from a terminal using the command line, without using ```Makefile```:**

```
cd LaTeX_BeamerTemplate
pdflatex --shell-escape john_slides
pdflatex --shell-escape john_slides
```

**Mac using ```TeXMaker``` application:**

Navigate to ```TeXMaker » Preferences » Quick Build » Quick Build Command » User``` and enter the following

```
"/usr/texbin/pdflatex" -interaction=nonstopmode %.tex | 
"/usr/texbin/pdflatex" -interaction=nonstopmode %.tex
```

**Windows using ```TeXMaker``` application:**

Navigate to ```TeXMaker » Options » Configure TeXMaker » Quick Build » Quick Build Command » User``` and enter the following

```
pdflatex -interaction=nonstopmode %.tex | 
pdflatex -interaction=nonstopmode %.tex
```

What if one needs colored text?
-------------------

The template provides the following 140 named colors (given with their hexadecimal notation; color scheme adopted from http://www.w3schools.com/html/html_colorvalues.asp). Example usage: 

```\textcolor{Color}{colored text}```


| Hex code | Color             | Hex code | Color                |
|:---------|:------------------|:---------|:---------------------|
| #000000  | Black             | #BA55D3  | MediumOrchid         |
| #000080  | Navy              | #BC8F8F  | RosyBrown            |
| #00008B  | DarkBlue          | #BDB76B  | DarkKhaki            |
| #0000CD  | MediumBlue        | #C0C0C0  | Silver               |
| #0000FF  | Blue              | #C71585  | MediumVioletRed      |
| #006400  | DarkGreen         | #CD5C5C  | IndianRed            |
| #008000  | Green             | #CD853F  | Peru                 |
| #008080  | Teal              | #D2691E  | Chocolate            |
| #008B8B  | DarkCyan          | #D2B48C  | Tan                  |
| #00BFFF  | DeepSkyBlue       | #D3D3D3  | LightGray            |
| #00CED1  | DarkTurquoise     | #D8BFD8  | Thistle              |
| #00FA9A  | MediumSpringGreen | #DA70D6  | Orchid               |
| #00FF00  | Lime              | #DAA520  | GoldenRod            |
| #00FF7F  | SpringGreen       | #DB7093  | PaleVioletRed        |
| #00FFFF  | Aqua              | #DC143C  | Crimson              |
| #00FFFF  | Cyan              | #DCDCDC  | Gainsboro            |
| #191970  | MidnightBlue      | #DDA0DD  | Plum                 |
| #1E90FF  | DodgerBlue        | #DEB887  | BurlyWood            |
| #20B2AA  | LightSeaGreen     | #E0FFFF  | LightCyan            |
| #228B22  | ForestGreen       | #E6E6FA  | Lavender             |
| #2E8B57  | SeaGreen          | #E9967A  | DarkSalmon           |
| #2F4F4F  | DarkSlateGray     | #EE82EE  | Violet               |
| #32CD32  | LimeGreen         | #EEE8AA  | PaleGoldenRod        |
| #3CB371  | MediumSeaGreen    | #F08080  | LightCoral           |
| #40E0D0  | Turquoise         | #F0E68C  | Khaki                |
| #4169E1  | RoyalBlue         | #F0F8FF  | AliceBlue            |
| #4682B4  | SteelBlue         | #F0FFF0  | HoneyDew             |
| #483D8B  | DarkSlateBlue     | #F0FFFF  | Azure                |
| #48D1CC  | MediumTurquoise   | #F4A460  | SandyBrown           |
| #4B0082  | Indigo            | #F5DEB3  | Wheat                |
| #556B2F  | DarkOliveGreen    | #F5F5DC  | Beige                |
| #5F9EA0  | CadetBlue         | #F5F5F5  | WhiteSmoke           |
| #6495ED  | CornflowerBlue    | #F5FFFA  | MintCream            |
| #66CDAA  | MediumAquaMarine  | #F8F8FF  | GhostWhite           |
| #696969  | DimGray           | #FA8072  | Salmon               |
| #6A5ACD  | SlateBlue         | #FAEBD7  | AntiqueWhite         |
| #6B8E23  | OliveDrab         | #FAF0E6  | Linen                |
| #708090  | SlateGray         | #FAFAD2  | LightGoldenRodYellow |
| #778899  | LightSlateGray    | #FDF5E6  | OldLace              |
| #7B68EE  | MediumSlateBlue   | #FF0000  | Red                  |
| #7CFC00  | LawnGreen         | #FF00FF  | Fuchsia              |
| #7FFF00  | Chartreuse        | #FF00FF  | Magenta              |
| #7FFFD4  | Aquamarine        | #FF1493  | DeepPink             |
| #800000  | Maroon            | #FF4500  | OrangeRed            |
| #800080  | Purple            | #FF6347  | Tomato               |
| #808000  | Olive             | #FF69B4  | HotPink              |
| #808080  | Gray              | #FF7F50  | Coral                |
| #87CEEB  | SkyBlue           | #FF8C00  | DarkOrange           |
| #87CEFA  | LightSkyBlue      | #FFA07A  | LightSalmon          |
| #8A2BE2  | BlueViolet        | #FFA500  | Orange               |
| #8B0000  | DarkRed           | #FFB6C1  | LightPink            |
| #8B008B  | DarkMagenta       | #FFC0CB  | Pink                 |
| #8B4513  | SaddleBrown       | #FFD700  | Gold                 |
| #8FBC8F  | DarkSeaGreen      | #FFDAB9  | PeachPuff            |
| #90EE90  | LightGreen        | #FFDEAD  | NavajoWhite          |
| #9370DB  | MediumPurple      | #FFE4B5  | Moccasin             |
| #9400D3  | DarkViolet        | #FFE4C4  | Bisque               |
| #98FB98  | PaleGreen         | #FFE4E1  | MistyRose            |
| #9932CC  | DarkOrchid        | #FFEBCD  | BlanchedAlmond       |
| #9ACD32  | YellowGreen       | #FFEFD5  | PapayaWhip           |
| #A0522D  | Sienna            | #FFF0F5  | LavenderBlush        |
| #A52A2A  | Brown             | #FFF5EE  | SeaShell             |
| #A9A9A9  | DarkGray          | #FFF8DC  | Cornsilk             |
| #ADD8E6  | LightBlue         | #FFFACD  | LemonChiffon         |
| #ADFF2F  | GreenYellow       | #FFFAF0  | FloralWhite          |
| #AFEEEE  | PaleTurquoise     | #FFFAFA  | Snow                 |
| #B0C4DE  | LightSteelBlue    | #FFFF00  | Yellow               |
| #B0E0E6  | PowderBlue        | #FFFFE0  | LightYellow          |
| #B22222  | FireBrick         | #FFFFF0  | Ivory                |
| #B8860B  | DarkGoldenRod     | #FFFFFF  | White                |


Got questions? Need help?
-------------------

Contact the author.


Author
-------------------

Dr. Gowtham, PhD          
Director of Research Computing, IT             
Adj. Asst. Professor, Physics/ECE               
Michigan Technological University                 
Email: g@mtu.edu             
http://sgowtham.com

Commit message:

Updated template with .cls file instead of .sty; added more examples and references to .tex file; updated Makefile and README.md

README.md, after:

LaTeX: Michigan Tech Beamer Template
================

What is this?
-------------------

A LaTeX template for preparing slides for presentation in Michigan 
Technological University. 


Disclaimer
-------------------

This and other associated files are distributed in the hope that they will 
be useful, but without any warranty; without even the implied warranty of 
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.

Using this unofficial template is not a substitute for learning LaTeX and/or 
understanding its how it works. 


Features (to be updated)
-------------------


What all does one need to get started?
-------------------

  1. As complete an installation of LaTeX as possible.

     1. [TeXLive](http://www.tug.org/texlive/) for Linux and Mac, and
        [MiKTeX](http://miktex.org/) for Windows. 

     2. [TeXMaker](http://www.xm1math.net/texmaker/) -- a LaTeX-aware text 
        editor -- for Linux, Mac and Windows.

  2. This template in its entirety.

  3. Basic understanding of how LaTeX works.


Which files should one edit?
-------------------

  1. Rename (not just copy over) ```john_slides.tex``` by substituting ```john``` with your Michigan Tech ISO username.

  2. Open the renamed ```john_slides.tex``` and add relevant information.

  3. Update ```Personalize/Personalize.tex``` with relevant information.

  4. Place all figures (.jpg, .png, .pdf) in ```Figures``` folder.

  5. Update ```MichiganTech.cls``` iff there is a need, and iff there is an understanding of how the LaTeX class/style file works.


How does one compile? (to be updated)
-------------------

**Linux (or Mac) from a terminal using the command line, using ```Makefile```:**

```
cd LaTeX_BeamerTemplate
make
```

**Linux (or Mac) from a terminal using the command line, without using ```Makefile```:**

```
cd LaTeX_BeamerTemplate
pdflatex --shell-escape john_slides
pdflatex --shell-escape john_slides
```

**Mac using ```TeXMaker``` application:**

Navigate to ```TeXMaker » Preferences » Quick Build » Quick Build Command » User``` and enter the following

```
"/usr/texbin/pdflatex" -interaction=nonstopmode %.tex | 
"/usr/texbin/pdflatex" -interaction=nonstopmode %.tex
```

**Windows using ```TeXMaker``` application:**

Navigate to ```TeXMaker » Options » Configure TeXMaker » Quick Build » Quick Build Command » User``` and enter the following

```
pdflatex -interaction=nonstopmode %.tex | 
pdflatex -interaction=nonstopmode %.tex
```

What if one needs colored text?
-------------------

The template provides the following 140 named colors (given with their hexadecimal notation; color scheme adopted from http://www.w3schools.com/html/html_colorvalues.asp). Example usage: 

```\textcolor{Color}{colored text}```


| Hex code | Color             | Hex code | Color                |
|:---------|:------------------|:---------|:---------------------|
| #000000  | Black             | #BA55D3  | MediumOrchid         |
| #000080  | Navy              | #BC8F8F  | RosyBrown            |
| #00008B  | DarkBlue          | #BDB76B  | DarkKhaki            |
| #0000CD  | MediumBlue        | #C0C0C0  | Silver               |
| #0000FF  | Blue              | #C71585  | MediumVioletRed      |
| #006400  | DarkGreen         | #CD5C5C  | IndianRed            |
| #008000  | Green             | #CD853F  | Peru                 |
| #008080  | Teal              | #D2691E  | Chocolate            |
| #008B8B  | DarkCyan          | #D2B48C  | Tan                  |
| #00BFFF  | DeepSkyBlue       | #D3D3D3  | LightGray            |
| #00CED1  | DarkTurquoise     | #D8BFD8  | Thistle              |
| #00FA9A  | MediumSpringGreen | #DA70D6  | Orchid               |
| #00FF00  | Lime              | #DAA520  | GoldenRod            |
| #00FF7F  | SpringGreen       | #DB7093  | PaleVioletRed        |
| #00FFFF  | Aqua              | #DC143C  | Crimson              |
| #00FFFF  | Cyan              | #DCDCDC  | Gainsboro            |
| #191970  | MidnightBlue      | #DDA0DD  | Plum                 |
| #1E90FF  | DodgerBlue        | #DEB887  | BurlyWood            |
| #20B2AA  | LightSeaGreen     | #E0FFFF  | LightCyan            |
| #228B22  | ForestGreen       | #E6E6FA  | Lavender             |
| #2E8B57  | SeaGreen          | #E9967A  | DarkSalmon           |
| #2F4F4F  | DarkSlateGray     | #EE82EE  | Violet               |
| #32CD32  | LimeGreen         | #EEE8AA  | PaleGoldenRod        |
| #3CB371  | MediumSeaGreen    | #F08080  | LightCoral           |
| #40E0D0  | Turquoise         | #F0E68C  | Khaki                |
| #4169E1  | RoyalBlue         | #F0F8FF  | AliceBlue            |
| #4682B4  | SteelBlue         | #F0FFF0  | HoneyDew             |
| #483D8B  | DarkSlateBlue     | #F0FFFF  | Azure                |
| #48D1CC  | MediumTurquoise   | #F4A460  | SandyBrown           |
| #4B0082  | Indigo            | #F5DEB3  | Wheat                |
| #556B2F  | DarkOliveGreen    | #F5F5DC  | Beige                |
| #5F9EA0  | CadetBlue         | #F5F5F5  | WhiteSmoke           |
| #6495ED  | CornflowerBlue    | #F5FFFA  | MintCream            |
| #66CDAA  | MediumAquaMarine  | #F8F8FF  | GhostWhite           |
| #696969  | DimGray           | #FA8072  | Salmon               |
| #6A5ACD  | SlateBlue         | #FAEBD7  | AntiqueWhite         |
| #6B8E23  | OliveDrab         | #FAF0E6  | Linen                |
| #708090  | SlateGray         | #FAFAD2  | LightGoldenRodYellow |
| #778899  | LightSlateGray    | #FDF5E6  | OldLace              |
| #7B68EE  | MediumSlateBlue   | #FF0000  | Red                  |
| #7CFC00  | LawnGreen         | #FF00FF  | Fuchsia              |
| #7FFF00  | Chartreuse        | #FF00FF  | Magenta              |
| #7FFFD4  | Aquamarine        | #FF1493  | DeepPink             |
| #800000  | Maroon            | #FF4500  | OrangeRed            |
| #800080  | Purple            | #FF6347  | Tomato               |
| #808000  | Olive             | #FF69B4  | HotPink              |
| #808080  | Gray              | #FF7F50  | Coral                |
| #87CEEB  | SkyBlue           | #FF8C00  | DarkOrange           |
| #87CEFA  | LightSkyBlue      | #FFA07A  | LightSalmon          |
| #8A2BE2  | BlueViolet        | #FFA500  | Orange               |
| #8B0000  | DarkRed           | #FFB6C1  | LightPink            |
| #8B008B  | DarkMagenta       | #FFC0CB  | Pink                 |
| #8B4513  | SaddleBrown       | #FFD700  | Gold                 |
| #8FBC8F  | DarkSeaGreen      | #FFDAB9  | PeachPuff            |
| #90EE90  | LightGreen        | #FFDEAD  | NavajoWhite          |
| #9370DB  | MediumPurple      | #FFE4B5  | Moccasin             |
| #9400D3  | DarkViolet        | #FFE4C4  | Bisque               |
| #98FB98  | PaleGreen         | #FFE4E1  | MistyRose            |
| #9932CC  | DarkOrchid        | #FFEBCD  | BlanchedAlmond       |
| #9ACD32  | YellowGreen       | #FFEFD5  | PapayaWhip           |
| #A0522D  | Sienna            | #FFF0F5  | LavenderBlush        |
| #A52A2A  | Brown             | #FFF5EE  | SeaShell             |
| #A9A9A9  | DarkGray          | #FFF8DC  | Cornsilk             |
| #ADD8E6  | LightBlue         | #FFFACD  | LemonChiffon         |
| #ADFF2F  | GreenYellow       | #FFFAF0  | FloralWhite          |
| #AFEEEE  | PaleTurquoise     | #FFFAFA  | Snow                 |
| #B0C4DE  | LightSteelBlue    | #FFFF00  | Yellow               |
| #B0E0E6  | PowderBlue        | #FFFFE0  | LightYellow          |
| #B22222  | FireBrick         | #FFFFF0  | Ivory                |
| #B8860B  | DarkGoldenRod     | #FFFFFF  | White                |


Got questions? Need help?
-------------------

Contact the author.


Author
-------------------

Dr. Gowtham, PhD          
Director of Research Computing, IT             
Adj. Asst. Professor, Physics/ECE               
Michigan Technological University                 
Email: g@mtu.edu             
http://sgowtham.com
